##1.	Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far?

I am interested in this career path for its versatile uses in the world today. Robotics, websites, video games, and even application used on cellphones all use some form of programming language. It is an essential part of our advancing society. I have also found I have a better understanding of programming as well as excellent problem-solving skills. As such, I wish to make use of these talents for a career path in programming.

My first exposure to programming was during high school where I took a couple of courses. The first was a web design class where I learned about html and the second was a regular programming class in which we dealt with programming robots. In college, I took additional computer and programming classes, along with a course in Game Theory. I also recently signed up for Code Academy and did some of its lessons and projects. Of course, I still wish for a practical education in programming where I can apply my skills.

##2.	If you are accepted into our program, where do you see your career in 5 years?

If I am accepted, I wish to pursue my career in designing games or simulations for education and entertainment. I grew up during the video game growth of the 1990s and I have a passion for the medium. Also, I enjoy the combination of story-telling and visual media as well as active problem-solving in situations. I wish to help in the creation of these tools to assist individuals with growth and learning.

My second choice in this career would be designing websites. The internet has expanded to the point where you can create a global message, and it is now growing more accessible to everyone in the world. In order to be a successful on the internet, businesses need an effective web presence where their information is organized, easy to use, logical, and unique. I wish to design these kinds of websites and show my creative work off to the internet community.

##3.	After reading Ada's Vision, Mission and Inclusivity Statement, how will you contribute to Ada's vision for an inclusive and diverse community? http://adadevelopersacademy.org/program

I will contribute to Ada’s vision for an inclusive and diverse community as someone who is diagnosed with Asperger’s Syndrome. As a young child, I was placed in a special Pre-K education and had a speech therapist for elementary school. Then at a later age in my life, I found out about it from watching a movie and realizing that I display the same symptoms as the main characters.  During high school I followed through with a doctor’s diagnosis. After some testing, they determined I was on the Autism Spectrum Scale as High-Functioning. I do find it a little bit difficult in trying to be social. But I have managed to find it a strong skill in some aspect.

In addition to my Asperger’s, I also am a woman in questioning of my gender. With learning about the different types of gender and how the concept is more of a social construct, I found myself thinking that I am a non-binary person that leans a little bit into femininity. I also know of the obstacles that make it difficult to acquire a career in the profession and the inequalities for both women and non-traditional gender identification. As such, I hope to make it past these hurdles.

##4.	Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?

There was a time when I was learning how to drive again where I got into an accident. It was during a really early morning where we were getting ready for a trip on the highway. After we have refuel, I was getting ready to head out of the parking lot but was possible not in the best frame of mind to drive that morning. I remember my mom telling me it was time to make a turn. So I did, but one of the tires caught onto the sidewalk entrance and directed the car into a streetlight. I felt upset for the entire accident, but I have learned a lot from it.

If I were to encounter it the same situation, I first make sure that I was attentive enough. I know that being tired is one of the worse things a driver could be so I would bring myself something to keep me awake and observant. If I am not in the best mindset to drive, I would then ask someone else to do so.
